Update prog-trans-ts-sdk.md (#9623)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/prog-trans-ts-sdk.md

## Use the gas coin

> With Programmable Transactions, you’re able to use the gas payment coin to construct coins with a set balance using `splitCoin`. This is useful for Sui payments, and avoids the need for up-front coin selection. You can use `tx.gas` to access the gas coin in a transaction, and is valid as input for any arguments. You can also use the gas coin to merge coins and in Sui Move calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Programmable Transactions, you’re able to use the gas payment coin to construct coins with a set balance using `splitCoin`. This is useful for Sui payments, and avoids the need for up-front coin selection. You can use `tx.gas` to access the gas coin in a transaction, and is valid as input for any arguments, as long as it is used by-reference. Practically speaking, this means can also use the add to the gas coin with `mergeCoins` and borrow it for Move functions with `moveCall`.
```

Reviewer: I'm trying to be precise but I'm afraid I'm introducing too much new terminology at once. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Adding this link might help...", as long as you pass the coin [by reference](../build/programming-with-objects/ch2-using-objects.md#pass-objects-by-reference)."
